Woman 1: Like, literally, yeah, two and three, just like four and three, yeah. 

Woman 2: Exactly, so, in that moment, we-, it will-, they wouldn't have been able to maybe say or explain many things that they would have wanted to kind of explain or explore a little bit more, understand, but now, we've spoken to them, you know, obviously not all seven-year-olds are the same, or not all six-year-olds are the same, but Oscar and Sienna are very articulate, very, very sort of communicative, they've got a great relationship with you, we've seen it, I've seen it. I'm sure Wanz and I have seen it too. So, uhm, those are things that we look out for. We look out for, okay, you know, if they've got a good relationship with their parent or their safe parent, then they will be able to feel confident to tell their parent something has happened. 

Woman 1: Yeah. Okay. 

Woman 2: So, yeah, so, those are safeguards in place. We will not be able to completely take away the risk, mitigate the risk, but we can manage it safely for the children. 

Woman 1: Yeah, as best as everyone can. 

Woman 2: As best- 

Woman 1: And we just have to hope. Yeah, we have to look forward and it's as simple as that. We can't, you know, otherwise, you drive yourself crazy looking, you know, in the past. 

Woman 2: Looking back... 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: And it doesn't mean that if there's any worry, this is why we give Oscar and Sienna the education. 

Woman 1: And the tools. 

Woman 2: And the tools. And we give you as well the same education and tools around things to look out for, things to look out for in terms of, okay, questioning, it's to change this behavior, to change how has this affected this mood and all this stuff, things like that. But it needs to be... Uhm, this is where that's-- 

Woman 1: And I think it's really hard, even with the, like, for example, at the moment, the children, their appetites are so, small. And I'm like, is that because of the hey-fee bit? Is that, you know, just some of your appetites, even us adults, isn't that appetite goes a bit less and then you're like, happy, there's a cold day. [laughter] 

Woman 2: Yeah, yeah. 

Woman 1: Tuck into a, you know, a big hearty meal sort of thing. So, then it's like, you know, it's so, tricky because I think your natural instinct is just to, there's a problem and you're, not problem, you know, there's an issue and then you think, okay, then what could it be? And you're constantly like, oh, it's probably just the hey-fee, you know, the coughing or whatever, you just don't feel quite right. Oh, you know, they're coming to the end of a term, you know, they're feeling a little bit tired. Oh, you know, they might just, you know, I'm sure they'll start eating again when they've gone through a growth spurt and, you know, all of a sudden, you know. So, like, you know, they've gone from eating like, almost like a large chicken breast each. So, where I always used to buy a whole chicken and basically we used to finish that whole chicken together. Like, you know, I'm only having to cook like half a chicken now and even that we had like... so, we had half a chicken and that was two meals. It's just like... 

Woman 2: "What's going on?" Yeah. 

Woman 1: "Why are you not eating so, less?" But then you see, but this is the thing, isn't it? You think, but like, you know, you just think like, okay, probably just the sunshine, probably just tired. And then, you know, sometimes children have like, you know, two or three or, it might go for a week or week and a half of not eating. And then all of a sudden- 

Woman 2: They eat more and more. 

Woman 1: They're like, "Mom, can I have seconds?" You're like, "No, I've just got into making smaller portions and not eating the same food for three days." 

Woman 2: Yeah, yeah. 

Woman 1: You know? 

Woman 2: And you're absolutely right. You're doing all of those things. 

Woman 1: Yeah, so, it's quite tricky, isn't it? Like, you know, even like we're saying about size and you're like, what's not, like, you know, you could ask me and I'd say, yeah, that's not normal for them. But then, you know, then you take into, you know, everything into account. 

Woman 2: And I think it's, like you say, it's one, you have to pay attention to not just, I know one sign, if their appetite has decreased, it could just, like you say, be a multiple of things, right? But there needs to be more than one sign. 

Woman 1: To pick up to some other ones. 

Woman 2: Yeah, there needs to be more than one, or like you've also, noticed, and it could also, be physical signs as well. If you notice there was some, maybe if your child was like, "Oh, you know, all the attention is doing this to get around."  Yeah, yeah. 

Woman 1: "What's wrong with you around?" That kind of thing. 

Woman 2: But Sienna's very affectionate. 

Woman 1:She just wants to sit on me. She'll sit there and kiss me and kiss me and say, oh, you don't pull my face. 

Woman 2: [laughter] 

Woman 1: And just kiss me and kiss me. She loves it. She's like really affectionate. And she just like, she likes really like strong cuddles. She's like, squeeze me, squeeze me. And I'm like, I can't squeeze you that hard. So, she loves like, like if I'm sitting here, she'll come in behind me and say, "Mommy, lean on me." I'm like, "No, you'll get it." 

Woman 2: Because it's comfortable around you. 

Woman 1: But she likes it. She likes that. Whereas Oscar's a little bit, you know, he likes his, you know, like it might be different between boys and girls. Might be different between just like, you know, just what they like sort of thing. But anyway, I'm sorry, you've completely gone off them. 

Woman 2: Oh, no, no, no. I think to be honest, you do know the right things. You're obviously noticing when things are changing for your children and you are responding appropriately even if you're sort of giving it time to, giving it time to kind of let them sort of come out of that funk. And you are doing all the right things. If you're not sure, you take them to the doctors. If not, you kind of see, okay, maybe, but you can also, like you say, if you see that they change for the better, but if you also, see another sort of coupling sign as well, maybe, you know, irritable or something, or like you will not wanting to get out of bed, then actually those kind of be-, not indication about this, but indication maybe they're not feeling very well. 

Woman 1: Well... 

Woman 2: You know guys, yeah. 

Woman 1: Yeah, I think that I know. Yeah, so, I put it down to the hay fever because he is kind of like, you know, I give him some of this Pyrites, the children's one at nighttime. And then sort of like, and then I think, okay, then, you know, that stops. But I can see when he comes home from school, it's the more of the coughing, isn't it? 

Woman 2: Yes, that's around now. 

Woman 1: Coughing, coughing, coughing. And then, but you can hear it's like, it's like a, not tickly cough. You can hear it's a different type of cough. You can hear it in the coughi-, it's different. But, yeah... 

Woman 2: You do know the right things, you know. So, in terms of their care and how they're looked after, all those sort of things, that's not a worry for us. If that was a worry, you know, it would have been in the report. So, there wasn't anything around that. So, you know, the kids are being looked after. They've got a good relationship with you. They are doing well at school. They're having art therapy, which is else to support. They are having contact with dad. 

Woman 1: I've just remembered something. 

Woman 2: They're having contact with dad, which is supervised, and that's going really well. So, that's not an issue right now. And you are going back to court and hopefully we'll seek mediation. The thing that we'll be looking to support will be to improve communication for the benefit of the children. So, I don't know what the future is gonna be like. Maybe the judge would say, yeah, supervised contact should continue, but it needs to sort of be managed with the family members. You already have your family members already to plan. 

Woman 1: I've asked two friends as well, but then they weren't clear. I wasn't clear actually for them whether they had to stay or what, you know, to what degree and where and stuff like that. So, I was thinking, well, you know, they've given me a yes, but they've got like more questions. Like, do they have to stay [crosstalk] there the whole time? 

Woman 2: That would be a conversation for us to have in terms of the network meeting. If you can email me the details of- 

Woman 1: Or do they have to like, just a handover? Like, will the time be constant? 

Woman 2: I think it will be tricky for us to really have some clarity on basically what that would look like until October. Because you are going back to October, you're going back to court in October. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: And for the moment right now, you've got something in place in terms of CGC is in place until October. But then what happens after October? 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: If the judge recommends unsupervised contact or if the judge recommends supporting contact, or if the judge recommends that contacts continue to take place, or the judge can actually say, "I want another assessment to take place. I want another CAFCAS worker to come out." 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: And that's what we got from the CAFCAS worker to say, when they go back in October, I have recommended another guardian, you know, to take another assessment or whatever it is. So, we don't know who-, what the judge is going to say. 

Woman 1: So, what you've spoken- 

Woman 2: So, what with CAFCAS now- 

Woman 1: I'm sorry? 

Woman 2: You spoke to CAFCAS now? 

Woman 1: No, no, no, in the assessment. 

Woman 2: In the assessment, in the CAFCAS assessment. 

Woman 1: Oh, if we go back to court. 

Woman 2: Oh, that's if we go back to court before. 

Woman 1: No, before October, in between. 

Woman 2: Are you planning to go back to court in between? 

Woman 1: No, no, no, no. The guardian that she's saying then is if there's like issues between me and Richard. 

Woman 2: Right, okay. 

Woman 1: Before the, so, we were in court in March. So, between March and October, so, here in October, so, while all of the visits happening, if there's issues between us and we can't figure things out or there's like, you know, then if we go back to court, then there should be a guardian appointed. 

Woman 2: Okay, okay, that's fine. 

Woman 1: So, that's fine then. 

Woman 2: So, in that case, you've got your network. I think we don't know what that's gonna look like come September, come October, what the judge would say. If the judge is wanting it to continue to be supported, then your friend's brother will have to stay, but they won't have to interact with Richard. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: They will just need to be in the vicinity and just watch and just, you know, just be around. That's it. But if the judge is saying, actually, it can progress to unsupervised, you know, and obviously getting the children, like we said, this keepsake work would already sort of be there and get them, gauge their understanding of it and all of those things like that, then the children will be able to say if they were ever, ever at risk or in danger. Does that make sense? 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: And that would just act like a natural safeguard anyway. And yeah, then it does be a case of, okay, are we asking that the children be collected from here? That would obviously mean that Richard is coming here to pick up the children. How comfortable is it for both of you? Is it really okay? Is it really safe? Maybe not. Maybe we can ask your friend to pick the children up from here and take them to like maybe somewhere around the local park. 

Woman 1: Yeah, there's something there. 

Woman 2: And then Richard can pick them up from the park or something. I don't really know what would be sort of the option, but this could be things that could be explored later. 

Woman 1: I think if we'd like have a constant place that we meet, I think that would be good. Rather, yeah, yeah, but we don't know, we don't know how it's gonna work out. 

Woman 2: Yeah, we don't know. So, we're only speculating, so, please don't hold me to ransom on that. 

Woman 1: Yeah, no, no, no, no, [laughter] no, no, no. I think sometimes I worry about like saying things, because like, yeah, like you might feel that that's how I envision it. It's like, but this is more of like a sharing of ideas. 

Woman 2: Yeah, 'cause we don't know. 

Woman 1: Yeah, we don't know. 

Woman 2: And the judge, like I say, has the ultimate decision. Even if we recommended that supervised contact or supportive contact needs to sort of continue until the children are 10 or something like that, the judge could actually say, "No, it's not feasible." And he doesn't want that or actually, no, it's not, we've had that, we've had that many, many times. So, the judge, at the end of the day, that's why he's a judge. He sees all the evidences, reads everything, and he makes decisions or whatever it is. If you're unhappy with any of the decisions that he's made, you can sit to a lawyer and appeal it or have a contested or something, I don't know. All of the things about your solicitors or legal will advise you accordingly. However, the hope is that now that you've progressed to where you are, children are having some level of contact, you should be able to come to an amicable sort of agreement with Richard in mediation. 

Woman 1: To be able to, yeah, I think the mediation, that will like, I think that will help. 

Woman 2: Yeah. 

Woman 1: Definitely. Just two things while you were talking. So, firstly, so, I know we've got school as part and I'd asked Milan[?] to answer this and she said, "No, we've got school," but I'll ask you the question as well. So, the children have private tutors that they see once a week. So, I don't know whether they should be part of like this conference and like, you can get more of an understanding of like what Oscar and Sienna are like, 'cause then they see them face to face like once a week. So, they've got two different private tutors and then they've got another one, so, they do this perform. They absolutely love Dom and Ria, they're like really. So, I don't know whether you'd want like input from them or want them to be a part of this conference and stuff. 

Woman 2: Can I ask you a question? 

Woman 1: Okay. 

Woman 2: Just to kind of follow up on what you're asking me. 

Woman 1: Okay. 

Woman 2: And I'm not gonna make that decision for you, but I just wanted to kind of have a think about it. 

Woman 1: Okay. 

Woman 2: How long have they had the tutors? 

Woman 1: One of them they've been seeing for about two years, I think. 

Woman 2: Two years. 

Woman 1: And the other one for about, Judith, they've seen her since about September before that. No, I think it was September they started, 'cause of this academic year. 

Woman 2: Okay. 

Woman 1: I can't remember. 

Woman 2: So, one they've had about two years, and one they've had about a year. 

Woman 1: Yeah, so, they say, yeah, and then, yeah, Dom and Ria, they've had them for about two years as well. 

Woman 2: What are their focus in terms of, not the learning, but in terms of the key stage that they're teaching? 

Woman 1: What do you mean? 

Woman 2: So, usually when you have a tutor, they teach, so, like as education sector, they're split in like a key stage one, key stage two, key stage three. What is their focus? Is it key stage one, key stage two? Do you know what that means? 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, I know what key stages means, yeah. 

Woman 2: Okay, so, key stage three is secondary school, so, they're not there yet. 

Woman 1: No, yeah. 

Woman 2: But they're around key stage one. 

Woman 1: One. 

Woman 2: Yeah, one. 

Woman 1: But they're going to two, yeah. 

Woman 2: Key stage two... 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

Woman 2: ... when they start to year three. Now, teachers are focused with different key stages. Sometimes if you're a teacher in a primary school, you can only teach reception at key stage one. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: When you teach key stage two, and that's it. You might not be able to flip between the two. That was ages ago, like before 2007, you could flip between the two. But after 2007 or 2008, you couldn't flip between the two. You had to pick a specialty or pick an area. So, I'm asking because at some point, does the teachers will change? Or would they not change? You don't know. 

Woman 1: I don't know. But then I know with Judith, I think she tutors um, what's it? So, stats is the school one. 11 plus is the one that they get into grammar school. So, I know she does... 

Woman 2: So, she does 

Woman 1: ... the 11 plus as well. 

Woman 2: She's doing some part of key stage two or just the 11 plus because- 

Woman 1: Oh, she's doing parts of, yeah, well, yeah. I could ask her. I don't know, actually. I shouldn't really- 

Woman 2: Ideally, we will not recommend the private tutors because that's something that is in the home environment. And you will be in the home environment... 

Woman 1: Okay, 'kay, 'kay, 'kay. 

Woman 2: ... with the children. But the children are outside of the home environment. Hence, when they go to school, that's why we work better with school. 

Woman 1: Right, okay, okay. 

Woman 2: Does that make sense? 

Woman 1: Yes... No. 

[laughter] 

Woman 2: Okay, so, you are the one that employed-- 

Woman 1: Oh, 'cause I employ them. 

Woman 2: Yeah, you employed them. You're paying for them. You can tell bitches that you wanted. [laughter] You wanted Nafi to pay half. 

[laughter] 

Woman 1: I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking. 

Woman 2: I'm staying out of that one. 

Woman 1: I'm joking, joking, joking. No, no, no. That's just me joking. 

Woman 2: Yeah, I understand. But that's the basis. So, school is independent. 

Woman 1: Independent. 

Woman 2: And we work with independent-- 

Woman 1: Independent people. 

Woman 2: Yeah. 

Woman 1: Oh, because I've been employed there. 

Woman 2: So, the police... 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

Woman 2: ... is independent. 

Woman 1: I see, I see, okay. 

Woman 2: So, the only person that could come is Karen with whom you're saying is your support network. But that person is there to support you. 

Woman 1: Right, okay. 

Woman 2: Not for the children. 

Woman 1: Right, oh, I see, I see. Right. 

Woman 2: So she-, that's why when we did the scaling question in my meeting, I didn't ask her to scale because it would have been inappropriate for her to scale on the situation of your family because she's supporting you. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: She would have probably scaled to favor you. Doesn't mean that she would, but she would, you know what I mean? 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it. So, it's that, so, that's the, see, but then you see, it's like, it's so, nice that you're able to, like, like, so, if I've got a question, you're able to articulate it and come back with a response that kind of, like, tells you, yeah, like, basically they're not independent. So, like, you know, if they did, or, you know, yeah. Okay, that makes more sense. 

Woman 2: But I like to talk because I'm still here. 

Woman 1: Yeah, same. But then, like, so-, my-, but then, like, you know, people that they see on a regular basis, I suppose they have their own training and stuff, isn't it? 

Woman 2: They will, I mean, they will. 

Woman 1: So, maybe if they have gone, yeah. 

Woman 2: The thing I just want to consider is that because they see Oscar and Sienna at home, they don't see them outside of the home. 

Woman 1: They see them outside at their, at their. 

Woman 2: At the school. 

Woman 1: Not the school, so. 

Woman 2: At the facility. 

Woman 1: Yeah, the facility. 

Woman 2: So, they will have their own safeguards in that school. 

Woman 1: Okay. 

Woman 2: They are never really alone. They are with other people within that facility. 

Woman 1: And then they have, yeah, so, with Judith, they have, they see Judith at her house and they see Simon at theirs. And then Ria and Dom, they see in this Methodist church just over there, and that's like their perform thing. And then tennis, like, you know, it's not really one-to-one. It's like with a whole group and they're outside. 

Woman 2: If there was a, if there was something that we're looking to get, so, for example, because it can work differently in the form of, let's say, therapy, so, you are seeking, you're seeking, you're getting support for your mental health with therapy and you wanted, you know, and maybe it was a private therapist. So, private therapists, you often pay for that. We will not be inviting them to a meeting, but we will seek where you are in terms of your need. You know, are you taking your medication? Are you having regular reviews? We don't need to find out what you're discussing 'cause that's obviously doctor, patient, privilege or whatever that is. But we just wanna know that your mental health is being supported. Does that make sense? 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: With this aspect of care, the children are having additional lessons. It's not anything that would be relevant to safeguarding for them. They can only give the opinion about, okay, what they're special, okay, Oscar is doing well in maths, Oscar is doing well in English, Sienna is doing well in English, you know, and vice versa. But school can as well give an indication of that because that's their main base. This is extra tuition. But at the same time, you have to also, consider the other aspect that should we be asking them their opinion around what Richard is, Richard might not really value us sharing that part of his information with somebody else that doesn't do anything else other than tutor the children. I don't know if that makes sense. 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah. 

Woman 2: But the school looks after the tutoring of the children but they also, look after the wellbeing of children as well. Does that make sense? 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

Woman 2: Like you are focused on not really tutoring but wellbeing of the children in the home or you do homework with them. So, some level of not tutoring but some level of educational work. School does, the other- 

Woman 1: Constant education at home, I tell you, it is constant. 

Woman 2: You tell it doesn't stop. 

Woman 1: You know what we've started doing, they have this weighing thing, oh my God, right? So, now we weigh everything. We weigh the toast, the bread in the morning. I'm like, please, I need to put the scales that are weighing. 

Woman 2: You just drop something out from them, that's it. 

Woman 1: He's like, oh, mummy, 47 grams for a slice of bread, that's really light. [laughter] I'm just like, well, just put it in the toaster now. 

Woman 2: So, you see the difference. So, they won't be able to give any clear indication about how the children present in the home because they don't really know anything other than the learning. Or maybe they can say that. 

Woman 1: So, the reason I say is just because they spend like one to one time, an hour, about 45 minutes with them and then, you know, and even the other ones is like an hour and a half and stuff. But like, it's- 

Woman 2: Don't get me wrong, if Oscar made a disclosure to them, they have a duty of care to tell us in terms of how they'll report it. And then, because it came from them, we would invite them to the meeting at that point. But before that moment, because we are having all the information that we require in terms of from school- 

Woman 1: No, no, no, I think it's like, I think, yeah, like you said, like school is independent, police are independent, you're independent, everybody's independent. And then, you know, then you're gonna have, you know, I think questions could be raised, like they're like paid tutors by you, so, you're employing them. So, therefore, what they say may, could, not that they, not that what they would say would be anything different if they weren't independent. Yeah, but like, I suppose if you could raise a question mark over it, it's probably just not a good thing then. 

Woman 2: Well, it wouldn't, yeah. 

Woman 1: It makes, it makes, yeah, no, no, okay. 

Woman 2: And I think the other question then would be, if we're asking, because with other people, we have to ask them and they have to be able to offer something in return. So, like school, we are saying, well, where are they? Can you offer something in return? So, like Elsa support and all those stuff like that, somebody is doing that. With your tutoring, they wouldn't be able to offer that because that eats into their tutoring time. So, then it becomes a therapy session as opposed to actually just academic learning. So, there isn't really like much, doesn't, not in a bad way, but there's not really much use for them other than the tutoring. 

Woman 1: That's fine, okay. And like, so, I suppose I should ask CGC. I don't know whether, so, like, you know, just when you were talking, so, I was thinking like CGC, if they haven't got, but then in the court order, it says CGC, I was just thinking, like, do you know, like from now until, just to make it easier for the children so, that they could have it in the community, like locally rather than going to, you know. 

Woman 2: We can email them. 

Woman 1: Have you got, like, have you, no, have you got like supervisors that you guys use? 

Woman 2: Oh. 

Woman 1: Like a company, but it's just, I'm just thinking, I'm talking out loud now, but in the court order, it does say CGC. 

Woman 2: We only use our contact centre. We do have a contact centre. 

Woman 1: But they don't have people that are employed there that do that kind of stuff, no? 

Woman 2: We do, but only for cases for us in our court arena, not for private proceedings. So, 'cause you've got private proceedings, it wouldn't fall under our jurisdiction. We would not be able to even comment on that. 

Woman 1: Oh, okay, that's fine, that's fine. I just thought, like, so, like the way I see it is, if CGC can't accommodate, let's look at, like, potentially a different option that we could, like, just to make it nicer for the children. Like, it is a bit of a mission, like going all the way up there and coming back, but then obviously, happy to do it, don't get me wrong, but just like for the children, I think it would just be nicer if it wasn't like a long drive there, a long drive back sort of thing. 

Woman 2: I think you might raise it up again with them and see if they can accommodate somewhere a bit closer. 

Woman 1: I'll find that thing with the, with the price of it. 

Woman 2: And double check the cost as well, so, that they're not gonna say, oh no, because you only paid 80 pounds, you have to bring the child to Basingstoke, and then you know for sure that actually, that's the reason why you're going to Basingstoke. But just get some clarity from them. 

Woman 1: Yeah, but you know, it clearly states that it was, I don't know, it's just sometimes you just think, people have been doing it for so, long, like now I really wish it had said, but then actually that was it, yes, I know, I remember now, because in the last, what do you call it? When we were at court, there was that, in the, I don't, it wasn't in my statement, it was something else, yeah? So, basically saying that perhaps Richard might wanna, like I suggested things to do, because they'd only been going to the arcade, and they'd gone to golf at the arcade, and so, I just wrote down to be helpful, like they could go to Windsor Castle, go on the duck tours, they could go chocolate making, they could go ape, and made suggestions like that, in and around here, what they could do. And then, and then, yeah. 

Woman 2: Sorry, I'm not in that. 

Woman 1: I'm just thinking that like, yeah, 'cause I made the suggestion saying, these are the things that you could do in and around here, so, I'm just, so, what my thing is, like I wish like in the court order, it'd been more specific about, the supervision has to be, like more here, or easier for the children to get to, rather than me having to go to Basingstoke, Basingstoke was only supposed to be, if the supervisor couldn't come here. So, but then it's not, reading through it, it's not really stipulated that well, but now I kind of, yeah. 

Woman 2: I think maybe this is something that, like you say, you've reflected on in hindsight, is maybe if you did go back to court, you would have to bring, did you represent yourself, or did you let a solicitor? So, then maybe you want to bring it to the attention next time or something, hopefully it doesn't, we don't know what it's gonna be, but if that was ever a case then, because then you'll be saying, for future you would like contact to kind of, be in this area anyway. 

Woman 1: Yeah, but then I remember him saying, 'cause he was like, that's really controlling, she's been controlling, she's been controlling, and I was like, actually I'm just trying to be helpful and give suggestions that would be things that the children might like to do, that would be a bit more child focused, but if you feel that it's controlling, like, you know, it's like, I can't take anything about it, then can I? 'Cause I genuinely just trying to be helpful and find things that the children might want to do that you might not have thought about, but yeah, anyway. 

Woman 2: But that's- 

Woman 1: And then I think I was so, focused on being, "Don't be controlling, don't be controlling," like he thinks you're being controlling, that I suppose I didn't like-- 

Woman 2: Pay attention to the other stuff. 

Woman 1: Pay attention to the other stuff and just let it, and was just like, right, okay, I don't want to appear as controlling, so. 

Woman 2: Is that-, I mean-, so, in terms of the journey, I think this could be a reflection point as well, you could maybe explain what the journey is to the solicitor at the time, to say it's 40 minutes to go, 40 minutes to come. Sometimes, you know, I don't know what the journey is. 

Woman 1: But even like getting the children downstairs, come on then, let's go, right, get your shoes on, get this on, da-da-da-da-da, just that whole even getting ready before you even get out the door is like, you know, a good like 15 minutes, 20 minutes as well, so, door to door, like, you know, from the minute you start saying, "Come on, we have to go now, come on, come on, get your shoes on," fifth time, "Come on, get your shoes on," then you relax. 

Woman 2: Definitely, it's definitely, yeah, it's worth exploring, I'm sorry, I'm going to have to make my way. 

Woman 1: No, I get it, no, that's fine, thank you. 

Woman 2: I hope that was okay for you, if I sort of answered the other sort of stuff. 

Woman 1: That makes, yeah, it all makes, makes a lot more sense. 

Woman 2: Sort of begin the work. So, my colleagues should be in touch in terms of doing some keep safe work, I know, right, I'm just awful at this, keep safe work, I just speak more slowly, that will probably help. 

Woman 1: Look, I'll show you some things that the children did, this is like over the, this was the last holiday, not the holidays just now, but they went to get, Sienna had her birthday party on Sunday. 

Woman 2: Oh, happy birthday, Sienna. 

Woman 1: But this isn't her birthday party, this was Theo's birthday party, and she got the idea from, look how high they are. 

Woman 2: Oh, wow. 

Woman 1: That's like 25, 20 meters or something. 

Woman 2: Wow, that's lovely. 

Woman 1: Really high, we went to see the crown jewels, they took this book into- 

Woman 2: Where was this, in London? 

Woman 1: Yeah, the crown jewels, the Tower of London, so, that's, we took them there, then they wrote like, you know, I saw the crown that King Charles is going to wear on the coronation, so, we actually saw that crown, and Oscar actually traced that, the tracing paper, how cool is that? 

Woman 2: Very nice. 

Woman 1: Good, isn't it? 

Woman 2: Very nice. 

Woman 1: And my favorite crown was the tiny one, made for Queen Victoria. 

Woman 2: Oh, wow. 

Woman 1: So, she was like, and then we seen Queen Victoria's crown, there's a picture of her, where am I? 

Woman 2: They look like they had so, much fun when they had the outing. 

Woman 1: Yeah, and then they had, you know this, this ring, they showed it in the coronation, and this ring. 

Woman 2: Okay. 

Woman 1: And this was the crown. Then we went to, that's my mum. We went to see, we saw the soldiers and stuff. 

Woman 2: Does she live around here? 

Woman 1: No, just Hayes, just down the road, not too far. And then we went to see, oh, we just went round, and saw pictures of the coronation and stuff. And they'd see, when they saw the police on horses, they thought that was amazing. Went on cable cars. 

Woman 2: Yeah. 

Woman 1: That was really good, that was at the O2, that was amazing. 

Woman 2: Very nice. 

Woman 1: Went to a birthday party, and then when kids see like butterflies and stuff, they really love it. And then, yeah, went to Southampton Marina with some other friends. They thought this was amazing. 

Woman 2: Yeah. 

Woman 1: Saw the deer. And when the deer was crossing the road. They thought it was so, I was so happy, I could not believe my eyes. 

Woman 2: No. 

Woman 1: At Sienna, I saw the deer crossing, and crossing the road. It was the most wonderful sight, and the best experience of my life. 

Woman 2: Oh my goodness. 

Woman 1: And I was like, that's in my life. 

Woman 2: Ah. 

Woman 1: Everything's my life. I went clip and climb, I think it was a birthday party. Amelia's seventh birthday party. Went to Bushy Park. This, how cute is this? "Look, I went to Bushy Park, I saw brown bark, I saw some deer, there's nothing to fear. I went in the sand, and it was squidgy land." 

Woman 2: Oh, very good rhyme. 

Woman 1: How cute is that? 

Woman 2: What a poet. 

Woman 1: So, sweet. And then like, they made these, they haven't written that out, their bits, but they made these, a flamingo and this, and you have to put the beads in, and do those things. 

Woman 2: Very nice. 

Woman 1: And I thought those bubbles were nice. Sienna's class is Hadid class, and this lady, Zahra Hadid, she builds like curvy buildings. 

Woman 2: Oh right. 

Woman 1: So. 

Woman 2: So, it looks like you had lots, lots of fun activities. 

Woman 1: Yes. I ran out of printing ink. 

Woman 2: For the picture. 

Woman 1: For the, no, not ink, the paper. So, I've got some more paper and stuff. So, Richard... 

Woman 2: The Little Mermaid. 

Woman 1: Oh, it's really good. 

Woman 2: Have you seen it? 

Woman 1: Yeah, I went to see it. 

Woman 2: Oh, so, nice, isn't it? 

Woman 1: And Richard got these magazines, the week. 

Woman 2: Life Savers. 

Woman 1: Juniors. 

Woman 2: Very nice. 

Woman 1: So, they didn't ask me what vaping was, I said, "Never you mind, read the other bits." 

[laughter] 

Woman 2: That's funny, but you know what, that's them being inquisitive. 

Woman 1: Yeah. So. 

Woman 2: Yeah. And I'll definitely have more and more questions for you as time goes on. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: So, I think, teach them everything in moderation. 

Woman 1: Yeah. What's the, when's our next, so, is our next, are you coming to see the children? 

Woman 2: Yes, I'm coming, I think. 

Woman 1: Is it next week? 

Woman 2: I think next week, yeah. 

Woman 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 

Woman 2: And I'll do some work with them. 

Woman 1: Okay. 

Woman 2: Around what we've been discussing this Tuesday. Keep safe, what, my goodness, like I can't help myself, can I? So, keep safe work, we'll do some work around that. And then, somebody in my team is gonna come and do some work with you around, you know, what are the signs, what to expect, and then some more keep safe work. And when I, yeah, I know I got it right this time. And when we eventually sort of step away from your family's lives, then you can continue that keep safe work. And there will be some resources as well. So, resources meaning like places you can explore or look online. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: Around, and tailoring it to their age. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: So, right now, we can't all obviously talk so explicitly about sex and all the stuff like that. But we can obviously do little things about, okay, when they touch you, this is just face, you can say no, all those kind of things like that. If you've got a safe person to talk to, you talk to mommy, you talk to the teachers at school, you can talk to auntie, you've got your worry bear, and there's a thing that we'll show them as well. Or you've got, it doesn't have to be, it doesn't really have to be a worry bear. It can just be, you can write a letter, you know, or like a diary. And you can sort of, you know, I don't know whether you get like a little, made out of a cardboard, and can post it. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: And forget the worries, you post it, and later you can read it. So, it's a very fun activity to do. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: If you can, or even like a shoe box, like a memory box. You can keep a shoe box, you can write like a little note in there. You don't really have to physically go and buy worry bear. 

Woman 1: Yeah. 

Woman 2: 'Cause that, I am- 

Woman 1: Now, what we've got is- 

Woman 2: I'm in my mom's house. 

Woman 1: Remember when I said-, It was like, "Mommy it doesn't work." 

Woman 2: Yeah. 

Woman 1: Yeah, alright. 

Woman 2: A shoe box, you can fold it up, and put it in a shoe box and stuff, and read it later. 

Woman 1: Okay, so, just, I just said that, so, I think, I think these hand balloons from the party, I've just, they're sort of dwindling, but I just put them there for like, you know they just like to see them, until they're just like, sorry we digress. So, yeah, so, I think you're seeing them next week, I'm sure it's in my diary. And then somebody else has got to contact me, yeah? 

Woman 2: Yeah, come from my team. 

Woman 1: That's fine. 

Woman 2: If not, I will do some work anyway, before she comes, she's our practice social, not social, she's our practice assistant in our team, so, she's not a social worker, but she's like a practice assistant, so, she's supporting social workers, because as you can understand, we have other, other families that we support. 

Woman 1: Yeah, so, something that you could, yeah. 

Woman 2: So... 

Woman 1: Yeah, to lighten your load, right? 

Woman 2: Yeah, but you know what I mean- 

Woman 1: Yeah, so, to do the stuff that, they don't, that you can- 

Woman 2: Yeah, so, I could do the work, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't give you all that time that you need, like all the attention that you need, so, like right now, I can come maybe once a week, but she can even do every day, that kind of thing like that, so we'll just sort of work on the plan, and she will contact you at some point, and yeah. 

Woman 1: Okay, good, all right, then I'm gonna write that email to Claire again. 

Woman 2: Oh yeah, and if you can email me your network support, and then, the people that want to be, and then I can sort of have, we can have that meeting, if we work best, we can do it on Teams, or we can do it at your home, everybody will be here, if they can't be here, I can come here and be with you, 

Woman 1: So, you're gonna do this before October? 

Woman 2: Yeah, before October, whilst we're still, so, we can discuss what, so, like you said, your sisters were having some questions, but you didn't know what that would entail, so, we can at least have their viewpoints, about what their commitments would be, and what that would look like, to understand what it could entail, and then come October, you can present it and say, well this is my side of the list, and Richard will have his side of the list, and then we can kind of work that way. 

Woman 1: Fantastic, so, that's what you can do, perfect. 

Woman 2: Okay, bye. 

[background sounds only] 

[END] 